README.md, before:

# Integrating Okay to your server

 To proceed with Okay integration, you are required to create an account using this [link](https://okaythis.com/signup). Once you are successfully signed up, login in with the credentials that you used to create the account [here](https://demostand.okaythis.com/multi-tenant-admin/login).

 Once you are logged in to your [dashboard](https://demostand.okaythis.com/pss-admin/dashboard) click on **Tenants** in the top toolbar, then select [**tenants**](https://demostand.okaythis.com/multi-tenant-admin/tenants) from the drop down menu.

 ![Dashboard Toolbar Image](/images/toolbar-tenants.png)

 The [**Tenants**](https://demostand.okaythis.com/multi-tenant-admin/tenants) web page is where you will register your server as a SPS that will communicate with Okay servers in order to verify/intiate secure transactions/authentications. Your tenant page should present a table that looks like the table below.

 ![Tenant Table Image](/images/tenant-dashboard.png)

## Overview of the Tenant table

 As you can see, you already have an entry in the **Tenants** table. The contents of that row are essential in understanding how to integrate Okay into your server.

### Tenant ID

 The first column under the table is what we refer to as your **Tenant ID**. In the image above my **Tenant Id** is `40007`. It is very important that you take note of this value as we will be using this value for our transactions/authentication.

### Name

 The text under the **Name** column in the **Tenants** table is the name of the company you provided at the time of your sign up. 

### Status

### Trial Expiration

### Actions

![Action Column Image](/images/tenants-action-column.png)

The **Action** column has three button that allows us to edit our tenant credentials.

## Adding Credentials to your Tenant

To make our tenant useful we will be adding more information to the tenant to connect properly/securely to Okay servers. Click on the pencil icon under **Actions** to complete the tenant registration.

![Edit Tenant Image](/images/edit-tenant.png)

To be able to recieve feedbacks from Okay servers you will need to add a valid callback url (A callback url is an endpoint on your server that will be used as a point of communication by **Okay** to notify your server about the status of transactions/authentication) to the **Callback** input field. We will also need to generate a secret secure token(or secret) that will be used to verify all transactions by **Okay** secure servers. The tokens could be any aphanumeric secure string that contains between 0-30 characters and must be kept secret.

**Note:** we will be referring to our **Token** as **secret** in further illustration.

**LINKING USERS**
===============

Before we can authorize transactions using **Okay** we need to link our users to **Okay** so that we can identify all transactions coming from different users.

### Provide a Unique Value Generator

Before we proceed to linking your users to **Okay**. We need to generate and store a **Unique Identifier** for every end-user in order to differentiate all your users. You can use any alpha-numeric character to compose this value, for example a **UUID**. We will be using this value in all our requests as **User Unique Identifier**. This normally serves as value to the **"userExternalId"** key in our payload.

### ***A typical structure of our JSON payload for linking users***

```JSON
  {
    "tenantId": "<your tenant id>",
    "userExternalId": "User Unique Identifier",
    "signature": "BASE64[SHA256(tenantId | userExternalId | secret)]"
  }
```

The `tenantId` key in our payload above, is the **ID** we got from our ***Tenants*** table. Please refer to **Integrating Okay to your Server** section of this document if you don't already have your tenant id.

The `userExternalId` key in our palyload above is the **User Unique Identifier** you created for your users in order to differentiate them as described in the **Provide a Unique Value Generator** section of this documentation above.

The `signature` key in our payload above is a hash that is generated from concatenating your `tenantId` + `userExternalId` + `secret` (also know as the **Token** you added to your tenant) then passing the concatenated string as value to `SHA256()` algorithm. Then we encode whatever value or string we get from the `SHA256()` algorithm in `BASE64`.

```js
  const crypto = require('crypto')
  const axios = require('axios')

  const PSS_BASE_URL = 'https://demostand.okaythis.com';
  const tenantId = 40007;
  const userExternalId  = 'uid406jkt';
  const secret = 'securetoken';

  const hashStr = `${tenantId}${userExternalId}${secret}`;
  const signature = createHashSignature(hashStr);
  console.log(signature) // returns zqVmg24iAeAqhKdyFOClJdmaB1NBE4lm4K/xnZUwg7M=

  function createHashSignature(hashStr) {
    return crypto
      .createHash('sha256')
      .update(hashStr)
      .digest('base64')
  }
  ...
```

If all is set, we proceed to linking our user. To link a user we need to send our JSON payload as a **POST** request to this endpoint `https://demostand.okaythis.com/gateway/link`.

```js
  const crypto = require('crypto')
  const axios = require('axios')

  const PSS_BASE_URL = 'https://demostand.okaythis.com';
  const tenantId = 40007;
  const userExternalId  = 'uid406jkt';
  const secret = 'securetoken';

  const hashStr = `${tenantId}${userExternalId}${secret}`;
  const signature = createHashSignature(hashStr);


  axios({
    method: 'post',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    url: `${PSS_BASE_URL}/gateway/link`,
    data: {
      tenantId,
      userExternalId,
      signature
    }
  })
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log(error.response.data)
  });


  function createHashSignature(hashStr) {
    return crypto
      .createHash('sha256')
      .update(hashStr)
      .digest('base64')
  }
```

When your request is correct you'll get a response with the following body:

```JSON
  {
    "linkingCode": "unique short-living code", "eg 416966"
    "linkingQrImg": "base64-encoded image of QR code",
    "status": {
        "code": 0,
        "message": "OK"
    },
  }
```

For better reference to all possible status code and messages you can recieve from **Okay** server please refer to this [link](https://github.com/Okaythis/okay-example/wiki/Server-Response-Status-Codes).

**Authenticate User/Authorize User Action**
==========================================

After Linking a user, we can now authenticate that user or authorize the user's action.

Just like linking a user, we will be sending a JSON payload as a **POST** request to **Okay** using this link `https://demostand.okaythis.com/gateway/auth`.

### ***This is a typical structure of our JSON payload for authenticating users/authorizing user actions***

```JSON
  {
    "tenantId": "<your tenant id>",
    "userExternalId": "User Unique Identifier",
    "type": "<Authorization type>",
    "authParams": {
        "guiText": "message that is shown in the Okay application",
        "guiHeader": "header of the message that is shown in the Okay application"
    },
    "signature": "BASE64[SHA256(tenantId | userExternalId | secret)]"
  }
```

For this request, we will be adding two new fields, the `type` and `authParams` fields.

The `type` key in our JSON payload is a field that allows us to clearly specify the kind of authorization/authentication we choose to initiate. The `type` key can take as value any of these authentication type listed below.

- "AUTH_OK"
- "AUTH_PIN"
- "AUTH_PIN_TAN"
- "AUTH_PIN_PROTECTORIA_OK"
- "GET_PAYMENT_CARD"
- "ENROLLMENT"
- "ENROLLMENT_PROTECTORIA_OK"
- "UNKNOWN"

The `authParams` just contains a message and the message header that will be displayed on the Okay App. The message is intended for the user to read, in order to grant Okay the required permission to complete a transaction/authentication.

We can now proceed to sending our request to `Okay` like so.

```js
  const crypto = require('crypto')
  const axios = require('axios')

  const PSS_BASE_URL = 'https://demostand.okaythis.com';
  const tenantId = 40007;
  const userExternalId  = 'uid406jkt';
  const secret = 'securetoken';
  const authParams = {
    guiText: 'Do you okay this transaction',
    guiHeader: 'Authorization requested'
  };
  const type = "AUTH_OK"

  const hashStr = `${tenantId}${userExternalId}${secret}`;
  const signature = createHashSignature(hashStr);


  axios({
    method: 'post',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    url: `${PSS_BASE_URL}/gateway/auth`,
    data: {
      tenantId,
      userExternalId,
      type,
      authParams,
      signature
    }
  })
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log(error.response.data)
  });

  function createHashSignature(hashStr) {
    return crypto
      .createHash('sha256')
      .update(hashStr)
      .digest('base64')
  }
```

When your request is correct you'll get a response with the following body structure:

```JSON
{
  "status": {
    "code": "<status code>",
    "message": "status message"
  },
  "sessionExternalId": "unique session identifier"
}
```

For better reference to all possible status code and messages you can recieve from **Okay** server please refer to this [link](https://github.com/Okaythis/okay-example/wiki/Server-Response-Status-Codes).

The `sessionExternalId` can be used to check status of this request. We will see shortly, in the **Check Authentication/Authorization Status** section, how we can use the  `sessionExternalId` value retrieved from the response to check the status of our transaction.

**Check Authentication/Authorization Status**
=============================================

After Authorizing/Authenticating a user we can check the status of that request by sending a JSON payload as a **POST** request to this endpoint `https://demostand.okaythis.com/gateway/check` on **Okay** Server.

### ***This is a typical structure of our JSON payload for checking authentication/authorization status***

```JSON
{
  "tenantId": "<your tenant id>",
  "sessionExternalId": "sessionExternalId from previous Auth request",
  "type": "authorization type",
  "authParams": {
    "guiText": "message that is shown in the Okay application",
    "guiHeader": "header of the message that is shown in the Okay application"
  },
  "signature": "request signature"
}
```

The `signature` key here has to match the request `signature`

```js
  const crypto = require('crypto')
  const axios = require('axios')

  const PSS_BASE_URL = 'https://demostand.okaythis.com';
  const tenantId = 40007;
  const sessionExternalId  = 'sessionExternalId';
  const secret = 'securetoken';
  const hashStr = `${tenantId}${sessionExternalId}${secret}`;
  const signature = createHashSignature(hashStr);


  axios({
    method: 'post',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    url: `${PSS_BASE_URL}/gateway/check`,
    data: {
      tenantId,
      sessionExternalId,
      signature
    }
  })
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log(error.response.data)
  });


  function createHashSignature(hashStr) {
    return crypto
      .createHash('sha256')
      .update(hashStr)
      .digest('base64')
  }
```

When your request is correct you'll get a response with the following body structure:

```JSON
{
  "status": {
    "code": "<status code>",
    "message": "status message"
  },
  "authResult": {
    "dataType": "<result data type code> eg. 101, 102, 103",
    "data": "user response eg. CANCEL, PIN, OK"
  }
}

```

The `authResult` field may contain any of these values as a user response from the mobile app.

| DataType |Data|
-------|--------
| 101 |CANCEL |
| 102 |PIN |
| 103 |OK |

### Recommendation/Issues

- `dataType` should be replaced with `statusCode` while `data` should be replaced with `message` on `authResult`.
- If the check endpoint `https://demostand.okaythis.com/gateway/check` only checks the status of transactions/authentications then, sending the `authParams` field as part of the payload might be an unneseccary overhead.
- I think `type` should be renamed to `authType` on the **Check/Auth** payload.
- `sessionExternalId` key on **Check Authentication/Authorization Status** payload should be the `sessionExternalId` that is returned from the previous Authentication request to the PSS and not userExternalId.

### EndPoints to add for a CRM

Tenant Management

GET

/api/tenants/{tenantId}

/api/tenants/{tenantId}/transaction-limits

/api/tenant-linkings

Commit message:

add comments for Status and Trial expiration

README.md, after:

# Integrating Okay to your server

 To proceed with Okay integration, you are required to create an account using this [link](https://okaythis.com/signup). Once you are successfully signed up, login in with the credentials that you used to create the account [here](https://demostand.okaythis.com/multi-tenant-admin/login).

 Once you are logged in to your [dashboard](https://demostand.okaythis.com/pss-admin/dashboard) click on **Tenants** in the top toolbar, then select [**tenants**](https://demostand.okaythis.com/multi-tenant-admin/tenants) from the drop down menu.

 ![Dashboard Toolbar Image](/images/toolbar-tenants.png)

 The [**Tenants**](https://demostand.okaythis.com/multi-tenant-admin/tenants) web page is where you will register your server as a SPS that will communicate with Okay servers in order to verify/intiate secure transactions/authentications. Your tenant page should present a table that looks like the table below.

 ![Tenant Table Image](/images/tenant-dashboard.png)

## Overview of the Tenant table

 As you can see, you already have an entry in the **Tenants** table. The contents of that row are essential in understanding how to integrate Okay into your server.

### Tenant ID

 The first column under the table is what we refer to as your **Tenant ID**. In the image above my **Tenant Id** is `40007`. It is very important that you take note of this value as we will be using this value for our transactions/authentication.

### Name

 The text under the **Name** column in the **Tenants** table is the name of the company you provided at the time of your sign up. 

### Status

 Specifies the status of your tenant.

### Trial Expiration

 Shows your tenant trial expiration date, if you are still on trial mode.

### Actions

![Action Column Image](/images/tenants-action-column.png)

The **Action** column has three button that allows us to edit our tenant credentials.

## Adding Credentials to your Tenant

To make our tenant useful we will be adding more information to the tenant to connect properly/securely to Okay servers. Click on the pencil icon under **Actions** to complete the tenant registration.

![Edit Tenant Image](/images/edit-tenant.png)

To be able to recieve feedbacks from Okay servers you will need to add a valid callback url (A callback url is an endpoint on your server that will be used as a point of communication by **Okay** to notify your server about the status of transactions/authentication) to the **Callback** input field. We will also need to generate a secret secure token(or secret) that will be used to verify all transactions by **Okay** secure servers. The tokens could be any aphanumeric secure string that contains between 0-30 characters and must be kept secret.

**Note:** we will be referring to our **Token** as **secret** in further illustration.

**LINKING USERS**
===============

Before we can authorize transactions using **Okay** we need to link our users to **Okay** so that we can identify all transactions coming from different users.

### Provide a Unique Value Generator

Before we proceed to linking your users to **Okay**. We need to generate and store a **Unique Identifier** for every end-user in order to differentiate all your users. You can use any alpha-numeric character to compose this value, for example a **UUID**. We will be using this value in all our requests as **User Unique Identifier**. This normally serves as value to the **"userExternalId"** key in our payload.

### ***A typical structure of our JSON payload for linking users***

```JSON
  {
    "tenantId": "<your tenant id>",
    "userExternalId": "User Unique Identifier",
    "signature": "BASE64[SHA256(tenantId | userExternalId | secret)]"
  }
```

The `tenantId` key in our payload above, is the **ID** we got from our ***Tenants*** table. Please refer to **Integrating Okay to your Server** section of this document if you don't already have your tenant id.

The `userExternalId` key in our palyload above is the **User Unique Identifier** you created for your users in order to differentiate them as described in the **Provide a Unique Value Generator** section of this documentation above.

The `signature` key in our payload above is a hash that is generated from concatenating your `tenantId` + `userExternalId` + `secret` (also know as the **Token** you added to your tenant) then passing the concatenated string as value to `SHA256()` algorithm. Then we encode whatever value or string we get from the `SHA256()` algorithm in `BASE64`.

```js
  const crypto = require('crypto')
  const axios = require('axios')

  const PSS_BASE_URL = 'https://demostand.okaythis.com';
  const tenantId = 40007;
  const userExternalId  = 'uid406jkt';
  const secret = 'securetoken';

  const hashStr = `${tenantId}${userExternalId}${secret}`;
  const signature = createHashSignature(hashStr);
  console.log(signature) // returns zqVmg24iAeAqhKdyFOClJdmaB1NBE4lm4K/xnZUwg7M=

  function createHashSignature(hashStr) {
    return crypto
      .createHash('sha256')
      .update(hashStr)
      .digest('base64')
  }
  ...
```

If all is set, we proceed to linking our user. To link a user we need to send our JSON payload as a **POST** request to this endpoint `https://demostand.okaythis.com/gateway/link`.

```js
  const crypto = require('crypto')
  const axios = require('axios')

  const PSS_BASE_URL = 'https://demostand.okaythis.com';
  const tenantId = 40007;
  const userExternalId  = 'uid406jkt';
  const secret = 'securetoken';

  const hashStr = `${tenantId}${userExternalId}${secret}`;
  const signature = createHashSignature(hashStr);


  axios({
    method: 'post',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    url: `${PSS_BASE_URL}/gateway/link`,
    data: {
      tenantId,
      userExternalId,
      signature
    }
  })
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log(error.response.data)
  });


  function createHashSignature(hashStr) {
    return crypto
      .createHash('sha256')
      .update(hashStr)
      .digest('base64')
  }
```

When your request is correct you'll get a response with the following body:

```JSON
  {
    "linkingCode": "unique short-living code", "eg 416966"
    "linkingQrImg": "base64-encoded image of QR code",
    "status": {
        "code": 0,
        "message": "OK"
    },
  }
```

For better reference to all possible status code and messages you can recieve from **Okay** server please refer to this [link](https://github.com/Okaythis/okay-example/wiki/Server-Response-Status-Codes).

**Authenticate User/Authorize User Action**
==========================================

After Linking a user, we can now authenticate that user or authorize the user's action.

Just like linking a user, we will be sending a JSON payload as a **POST** request to **Okay** using this link `https://demostand.okaythis.com/gateway/auth`.

### ***This is a typical structure of our JSON payload for authenticating users/authorizing user actions***

```JSON
  {
    "tenantId": "<your tenant id>",
    "userExternalId": "User Unique Identifier",
    "type": "<Authorization type>",
    "authParams": {
        "guiText": "message that is shown in the Okay application",
        "guiHeader": "header of the message that is shown in the Okay application"
    },
    "signature": "BASE64[SHA256(tenantId | userExternalId | secret)]"
  }
```

For this request, we will be adding two new fields, the `type` and `authParams` fields.

The `type` key in our JSON payload is a field that allows us to clearly specify the kind of authorization/authentication we choose to initiate. The `type` key can take as value any of these authentication type listed below.

- "AUTH_OK"
- "AUTH_PIN"
- "AUTH_PIN_TAN"
- "AUTH_PIN_PROTECTORIA_OK"
- "GET_PAYMENT_CARD"
- "ENROLLMENT"
- "ENROLLMENT_PROTECTORIA_OK"
- "UNKNOWN"

The `authParams` just contains a message and the message header that will be displayed on the Okay App. The message is intended for the user to read, in order to grant Okay the required permission to complete a transaction/authentication.

We can now proceed to sending our request to `Okay` like so.

```js
  const crypto = require('crypto')
  const axios = require('axios')

  const PSS_BASE_URL = 'https://demostand.okaythis.com';
  const tenantId = 40007;
  const userExternalId  = 'uid406jkt';
  const secret = 'securetoken';
  const authParams = {
    guiText: 'Do you okay this transaction',
    guiHeader: 'Authorization requested'
  };
  const type = "AUTH_OK"

  const hashStr = `${tenantId}${userExternalId}${secret}`;
  const signature = createHashSignature(hashStr);


  axios({
    method: 'post',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    url: `${PSS_BASE_URL}/gateway/auth`,
    data: {
      tenantId,
      userExternalId,
      type,
      authParams,
      signature
    }
  })
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log(error.response.data)
  });

  function createHashSignature(hashStr) {
    return crypto
      .createHash('sha256')
      .update(hashStr)
      .digest('base64')
  }
```

When your request is correct you'll get a response with the following body structure:

```JSON
{
  "status": {
    "code": "<status code>",
    "message": "status message"
  },
  "sessionExternalId": "unique session identifier"
}
```

For better reference to all possible status code and messages you can recieve from **Okay** server please refer to this [link](https://github.com/Okaythis/okay-example/wiki/Server-Response-Status-Codes).

The `sessionExternalId` can be used to check status of this request. We will see shortly, in the **Check Authentication/Authorization Status** section, how we can use the  `sessionExternalId` value retrieved from the response to check the status of our transaction.

**Check Authentication/Authorization Status**
=============================================

After Authorizing/Authenticating a user we can check the status of that request by sending a JSON payload as a **POST** request to this endpoint `https://demostand.okaythis.com/gateway/check` on **Okay** Server.

### ***This is a typical structure of our JSON payload for checking authentication/authorization status***

```JSON
{
  "tenantId": "<your tenant id>",
  "sessionExternalId": "sessionExternalId from previous Auth request",
  "type": "authorization type",
  "authParams": {
    "guiText": "message that is shown in the Okay application",
    "guiHeader": "header of the message that is shown in the Okay application"
  },
  "signature": "request signature"
}
```

The `signature` key here has to match the request `signature`

```js
  const crypto = require('crypto')
  const axios = require('axios')

  const PSS_BASE_URL = 'https://demostand.okaythis.com';
  const tenantId = 40007;
  const sessionExternalId  = 'sessionExternalId';
  const secret = 'securetoken';
  const hashStr = `${tenantId}${sessionExternalId}${secret}`;
  const signature = createHashSignature(hashStr);


  axios({
    method: 'post',
    headers: {
      'Content-Type': 'application/json'
    },
    url: `${PSS_BASE_URL}/gateway/check`,
    data: {
      tenantId,
      sessionExternalId,
      signature
    }
  })
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.log(error.response.data)
  });


  function createHashSignature(hashStr) {
    return crypto
      .createHash('sha256')
      .update(hashStr)
      .digest('base64')
  }
```

When your request is correct you'll get a response with the following body structure:

```JSON
{
  "status": {
    "code": "<status code>",
    "message": "status message"
  },
  "authResult": {
    "dataType": "<result data type code> eg. 101, 102, 103",
    "data": "user response eg. CANCEL, PIN, OK"
  }
}

```

The `authResult` field may contain any of these values as a user response from the mobile app.

| DataType |Data|
-------|--------
| 101 |CANCEL |
| 102 |PIN |
| 103 |OK |

### Recommendation/Issues

- `dataType` should be replaced with `statusCode` while `data` should be replaced with `message` on `authResult`.
- If the check endpoint `https://demostand.okaythis.com/gateway/check` only checks the status of transactions/authentications then, sending the `authParams` field as part of the payload might be an unneseccary overhead.
- I think `type` should be renamed to `authType` on the **Check/Auth** payload.
- `sessionExternalId` key on **Check Authentication/Authorization Status** payload should be the `sessionExternalId` that is returned from the previous Authentication request to the PSS and not userExternalId.

### EndPoints to add for a CRM

Tenant Management

GET

/api/tenants/{tenantId}

/api/tenants/{tenantId}/transaction-limits

/api/tenant-linkings
